In this lecture we will learn how to create a better bar using h t m l.
Let's take a look at how we can create a menu that is fixed to the top of our Web page regardless of
the scroll position.
First we will add a div to our Web page that will be a container for all of the links that will go into
our menu.
We will give our different idea of menu.
Next we will add an anchor element for each menu option.
These elements will be linked to other elements with the IDs specified after the pound symbol in the
value of the ATF property we will label the items option 1 through Option 5 and add a closing anchor
tag for each element.
Next we need to add the style property to our DIV tag and specify a few things.
We will give our menu a fixed position.
Specify it to be at the top of our Web page by adding a top value of 0 and give our manual with 100
percent.
Then we need to create some content and give it a margin top to leave space for our menu.
We will start by creating a development and giving it an idea of content and style with a margin top
of 100 pixels.
Then we will add 5 paragraph elements with IDS 1 through 5 and some example content.
Finally we will close the development with the closing DIV tag the way that our code is now all five
paragraph elements with content 1 through 5 will be shown at once before we click any of the menu options.
This is because aliments and h t m l are visible by default.
Let's use the style attribute and give our elements of visibility of Hedden.
Now we need to write some code to control the display of the content when we click on the menu options.
To do this we will write a small block of javascript code.
We will start off with an opening script tag.
Then we will use the function keyword and name or function show content section.
Our function will take in an ID parameter.
We will create a list of IDS which will be the IDs of our paragraph elements that have the content we
want to display on click of the menu options.
Our for loop will cycle through the list of IDs.
It will start at zero.
Gowalla is less than the length of our list of IDs and increment I after each iteration of the for loop.
If the idea we are on in the list is equal to the idea that we pass them as an argument to the function
we will set its visibility to visible.
Else we will set its visibility to hidden.
Finally we need to add the on click attribute to each of our anchor elements and call our function passing
in the idea of the content to be shown when the user clicks on the option.
Once we have finished typing all of that code we can run our code in the web browser and click on the
header menu links to see the content with that associated menu option displayed in the next lecture.
We will look at an intro to bootstrap.